feat: key value store backed by filesystem (#20932)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-api/class-testconfig.md

});
```

## property: TestConfig.storeDir
* since: v1.32
- type: ?<[string]>

> Directory where the values accessible via [TestStore] are persisted. Each value is saved in its own file. The key of the value is its path relative to the `storeDir`. Defaults to `./playwright`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Directory where the values accessible via [TestStore] are persisted. All pahts in [TestStore] are relative to `storeDir`. Defaults to `./playwright`.
```

**Usage**

```js tab=js-js
// playwright.config.js
// @ts-check

const { defineConfig } = require('@playwright/test');

module.exports = defineConfig({

>   storeDir: './playwright-store',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  storeDir: './playwright',
```

});
```

```js tab=js-ts
// playwright.config.ts
import { defineConfig } from '@playwright/test';

export default defineConfig({

>   storeDir: './playwright-store',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  storeDir: './playwright',
```
